#### Info 
4-5 forelesninger relevant form masterstudenter. 
Så blir det arbeidsgivere fra byen som holder foredrag. 

forelesninger blir lagt til fredager, rundt lunsj. 
ca 1 time oppmøte. (454).

Håper å ha fullpakket plan fram til desember. 

#### Temaer:
* hvordan skrive master
* empirisk analyse
* hvordan finne informasojn, søk
* hvordan beskrive en vitenskapelig artikkel. 

#### web 
http://research.idi.ntnu.no/aimasters/

#### 363 - Arbeidsplass.
Bare ta en plass. Det er lite plass på idi. 

#### Veileder
Det er mange veiledere som har veldig mange studenter. 
Så det er mulig å gjøre et litt enklet AI prosjekt med en veileder fra en annen rettning som har kapasitet. 

Si også ifra til venner som trenger veileder. 2 stk ahdde ledige plasser. 

## Writing the thesis. 

#### Struktur - IMRAD
* Introduction
* Model / datasystem / make stuffs. 
* Results
* Analysis
* Discussion

I&D touches the general questions asked in the paper. 
MRA is the deep down, heavy stuff. 

IMR before christmas. 
AD afterwords. 

##### Introduction
* Discuss similar systems
* State of the art relevant research.
* Litterature review.

*Why?
Have a good reason to do teh research you are doing. 
"This is difficult, new methods have emerged, I'l test them and try the problem again"

*Punch line FIRST!
Include breaking results in the introduction. 
Make the reader interested. 
2 pages that descirbe the essence of the article. 

##### Model 
The main part of the work.
What have I implemented and how does it work. 

##### Results 
Choose the most importatn results. 
The most significant ones. 
The results that are best related to the introduction and general questions. 

##### Analysis
Couple results with the high level questions. 
Use statistics where applicable. 

Artifact of the model: related to the model, but not relevat for the actual questions at hand. 
RELEVANCE is key. 
Don't over do it. 

Be honest with the results. 

You have to find the beautiful results in the pile of crap you otherwise have. 

##### Discussion
Bridge between analysis and introduction. 
Summary of all the work. 

There are a lot to say about a bad result. 
Why did you fail?

Not to much of the process is interesting. Write only about the absolutly relevant parts of the process. 
Or parts of the process you are recreating with dificulties from others. 

#### Diagrams and graphs
Differentiate the graphs from eachother. 
Make sure to describe what which diagrams are usefull for. 

#### Citations
It's Ok to cite others if you think that it will improve your paper.
If the citation is great og really cool, use it. 

#### Code
Don't have code. There is no space for it. 
Use psudo code og higher level descriptions. 

#### References
Limit the number of references if possible.
If more articles cover roughly the same stuff, reference only one of them. 

#### Motivation
The motivation and research questions are important.
Why you do what you do is often more important than doing what you do.

#### Language
The language have to be fluent. The flow of the text is important for the reader, so everything is read.
Write for the audience. Master = can a little bit about the field, but not to much. 

Keep to the case at hand, jokes is not important. Be careful about funny derailments. 

#### First Author
Be very clear an early about who is the first, second, etc, author on the paper. 
Or use "bout authors have contributed equally to this paper" and list the authors alphabetically.  

#### All feedback is negative
It's not negative, but it's really constructive critics. 
A lot is expected about the article. 
The bar is very high to impless your professor. 

#### What's important
A master thesis is supposed to show that the student can do good research. 

### Check with your Professor
Be sure to write what you professor wants. 
